feat: Introduce Organization Domains (#365)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/organization/invitations.mdx

These are all methods on [the Organization class](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization) that allow you to manage the invitations to an organization.

## `getInvitations()`

Retrieves a list of invitations for the currently active organization.

```typescript
function getInvitations(params?: GetInvitationsParams): Promise<PaginatedResources<OrganizationInvitation>>;
```

### `GetInvitationsParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `initialPage?` | `number` | A number that can be used to skip the first n-1 pages. For example, if `initialPage` is set to 10, it is will skip the first 9 pages and will fetch the 10th page. |
| `pageSize?` | `number` | A number that indicates the maximum number of results that should be returned for a specific page. |
| `status?` | `'pending' \| 'accepted' \| 'revoked'` | The status an invitation can have. |

### Returns

| Type | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | <code>Promise\<[PaginatedResponse][pag-res-ref]\<[OrganizationInvitation][org-inv-ref]\>></code> | This method returns a `Promise` which resolves with a list of [`OrganizationInvitation`][org-inv-ref] objects. |

Reviewer: Oh it looks like this page is using [orginv-ref] instead of [org-inv-ref]

Also, don't forget to add this reference to the bottom of the page:

```
[pag-res-ref]: /docs/references/javascript/types/paginated-response
```

These are all methods on [the Organization class](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization) that allow you to manage the invitations to an organization.

## `getInvitations()`

Retrieves a list of invitations for the currently active organization.

```typescript
function getInvitations(params?: GetInvitationsParams): Promise<PaginatedResources<OrganizationInvitation>>;
```

### `GetInvitationsParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `initialPage?` | `number` | A number that can be used to skip the first n-1 pages. For example, if `initialPage` is set to 10, it is will skip the first 9 pages and will fetch the 10th page. |
| `pageSize?` | `number` | A number that indicates the maximum number of results that should be returned for a specific page. |
| `status?` | `'pending' \| 'accepted' \| 'revoked'` | The status an invitation can have. |

### Returns

| Type | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | <code>Promise{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/types/paginated-response">PaginatedResponse</a>{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-invitation">OrganizationInvitation</a>{">"}</code> | This method returns a <code>Promise</code> which resolves with a list of <code><a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-invitation">OrganizationInvitation</a></code> objects.|

Reviewer: I would refactor to use reference links, like we do on /organization/domains 
 and /organization-domain

Don't forget to add the links at the bottom of the page ( [org-inv-ref]: /docs/references/javascript/organization-invitation)

```suggestion
| <code>Promise\<[PaginatedResponse][pag-res-ref]\<[OrganizationInvitation][org-inv-ref]\>></code> | This method returns a `Promise` which resolves with a list of [`OrganizationInvitation`][org-inv-ref] objects. |
```

These are all methods on [the Organization class](/docs/references/javascript/organization/organization) that allow you to manage the invitations to an organization.

> ## `getInvitations()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `getInvitations()`

Retrieves a list of invitations for the currently active organization.
```

```typescript
function getInvitations(params?: GetInvitationsParams): Promise<PaginatedResources<OrganizationInvitation>>;
```

### `GetInvitationsParams`

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | `initialPage?` | number | A number that can be used to skip the first n-1 pages. For example, if `initialPage` is set to 10, it is will skip the first 9 pages and will fetch the 10th page. |
> | `pageSize?` | number | A number that indicates the maximum number of results that should be returned for a specific page. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `initialPage?` | `number` | A number that can be used to skip the first n-1 pages. For example, if `initialPage` is set to 10, it is will skip the first 9 pages and will fetch the 10th page. |
| `pageSize?` | `number` | A number that indicates the maximum number of results that should be returned for a specific page. |
```

| `status?` | `'pending' \| 'accepted' \| 'revoked'` | The status an invitation can have. |

### Returns

> <Tables

Reviewer: markdown table

### Returns

> | Type | Description |
> | --- | --- |
> | <code>Promise{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/types/paginated-response">PaginatedResponse</a>{"<"}<a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-invitation">OrganizationInvitation</a>{">"}</code> | This method returns a <code>Promise</code> which resolves with a list of <code><a href="/docs/references/javascript/organization-invitation">OrganizationInvitation</a></code> objects.|

Reviewer: I would refactor to use reference links, like we do on /organization/domains 
 and /organization-domain

Don't forget to add the links at the bottom of the page ( [org-inv-ref]: /docs/references/javascript/organization-invitation)

```suggestion
| <code>Promise\<[PaginatedResponse][pag-res-ref]\<[OrganizationInvitation][org-inv-ref]\>></code> | This method returns a `Promise` which resolves with a list of [`OrganizationInvitation`][org-inv-ref] objects. |
```
